RELEVANT INFORMATION
It is a necessary requirement for the acquisition of the products offered in this site, that you read and accept the following Terms and Conditions that are written below. The use of our services as well as the purchase of our products will imply that you have read and accepted the Terms and Conditions of Use herein. All products that are offered by our website may be created, charged, shipped or presented by a third party website and in such case would be subject to their own Terms and Conditions. In some cases, in order to purchase a product, it will be necessary for the user to register by entering reliable personal data and defining a password.

The user can choose and change the password for his account management access at any time, in case he has registered and it is necessary for the purchase of any of our products. https://github.com/CarlosTojar assumes no responsibility in case he gives such password to third parties.

All purchases and transactions carried out through this website are subject to a confirmation and verification process, which may include verification of stock and product availability, validation of the payment method, validation of the invoice (if any) and compliance with the conditions required by the selected payment method. In some cases an e-mail verification may be required.

The prices of the products offered in this Online Store is valid only for purchases made on this website.

LICENSE
Luna Bot through its website grants a license for users to use the products that are sold on this website according to the Terms and Conditions described in this document.

UNAUTHORIZED USE
If applicable (for sale of software, templets, or other design and programming product) you may not place one of our products, modified or unmodified, on a CD, website or any other media and offer them for redistribution or resale of any kind.

PROPERTY
You may not claim intellectual or exclusive ownership of any of our products, modified or unmodified. All products are the property of the content providers. Unless otherwise specified, our products are provided without warranty of any kind, express or implied. In no event shall this company be liable for any damages including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages or other losses resulting from the use or inability to use our products.

#REFUND AND WARRANTY POLICY

For products that are irrevocable non-tangible goods, we do not issue refunds after the product is shipped, it is your responsibility to understand before you purchase. We ask you to read it carefully before you buy it. We only make exceptions to this rule when the description does not match the product. There are some products that may have warranty and refund possibilities but this will be specified at the time of purchase. In such cases the warranty will only cover manufacturing faults and will only be effective when the product has been used correctly. The warranty does not cover malfunctions or damage caused by improper use. The terms of the warranty are associated with manufacturing faults and operation under normal conditions of the products and these terms will only become effective if the equipment has been used correctly. This includes:

According to the technical specifications indicated for each product.
In environmental conditions according to the specifications indicated by the manufacturer.
In specific use for the function for which it was designed at the factory.
In electrical operating conditions in accordance with the specifications and tolerances indicated.
ANTI-FRAUD CHECK
The customer's purchase may be deferred for anti-fraud testing. It may also be further suspended for a more rigorous investigation to prevent fraudulent transactions.

PRIVACY
This https://github.com/CarlosTojar ensures that the atletico de madrid noticias personal information you submit is secure. The data entered by user or in the case of requiring a validation of orders will not be given to third parties, unless it must be disclosed in compliance with a court order or legal requirements.

Subscription to advertising e-mail newsletters is voluntary and may be selected at the time of creating your account.

Luna Bot reserves the right to change or modify these terms without notice.
